feat!: refactor API and add C API to `math/base/special/cexp` (#972)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/cexp/README.md

# exp

> > Compute the [exponential][exponential-function] function of double-precision complex floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Evaluate the [exponential][exponential-function] function for a double-precision complex floating-point number.
```

var cexp = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/cexp' );
```

#### cexp( z )

> Evaluates the [exponential][exponential-function] function with a double-precision complex floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [exponential][exponential-function] function for a double-precision complex floating-point number.
```

> var im;

Reviewer: Also, we can remove the `real` and `imag` imports, as they are no longer used in this example.

var z1;
var z2;
var i;

for ( i = 0; i < 100; i++ ) {

>     re = round( randu()*100.0 ) - 50.0;

Reviewer: Instead of `round( randu() )`, would you mind updating this example to use `discrete-uniform`?

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/cexp.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_cexp( z )

> Evaluates the [exponential][exponential-function] function with a double-precision complex floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [exponential][exponential-function] function for a double-precision complex floating-point number.
```

```c
#include "stdlib/complex/float64.h"
#include "stdlib/complex/real.h"
#include "stdlib/complex/imag.h"

stdlib_complex128_t z = stdlib_complex128( 0.0, 0.0 );

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
